As the sun was setting in the west and the moon was rising in the east.
Khojisteh was filled with sadness, her eyes unable to contain any more tears; and unwilling
to bear her heartache. It became clear to the Parrot just how apprehensive Khojisteh was.
And he, as always distract her with a story.
One day, while hunting, a nobleman happened to cross paths with a black snake in dismay.
Instantly the snake began pleading to the nobleman for some source of cover.
The nobleman, as any curious person would ask why the snake was so rattled.
The snake exclaimed with fear that there was a foe following him,
and if the man caught him, he would take his life.
The nobleman, seeing the fear in the snake, trusted him and gave the snake shelter in his sleeve.
There, the snake could lay out of sight and protected from the man after him.
Little did the nobleman know that the snake had been lying, that he all along was the foe in this tale.
Moments later, a man came running with a stick, asking if anyone had seen a black snake.
The man opening his hands up towards the nobleman as a way to express him pleading honestly for assistance.
He explained that the snake had left and was seen heading this way.
The nobleman trusting the vile snake responded no, so the man with the stick went on his way.
As he became out of sight the nobleman asked the snake if
he too was to go on his way, since the man with the stick had left.
The snake explained to the nobleman that he had been surprisingly stupid trusting him.
The snake went on, telling the nobleman that he was going to bite and kill him,
and only when he is dead, then he will carry on his way.
The nobleman, confused with this outcome, explained that he had helped the snake,
doing all he could to allow him to cheat death.
The nobleman continued, asking the snake why would he want to kill him?
The snake then told the nobleman that “it is not right to do good to every person.”
Gaining the sense of fear, the nobleman had decided to follow the mindset of the snake,
in order get him out of his sleeve before his death.
Putting his finger to his mouth, the nobleman tried to think of a convincing plan
to save himself. He then decided to trick the snake in his sleeve and made
up a lie that there was another snake coming over. The Nobleman continued, convincing the
snake that he should describe his plans to the other snake and only if that
snake approves of his plan then he can treat the nobleman as seen fit.
As the snake peers out of the sleeve to see, the nobleman concluded his plan
as he struck the snake’s head with a stone, ultimately killing the snake.